Call clocks clocks instead of clock variables (#279)
modelica/fmi-ls-bus: docs/1____introduction.adoc

* Direct Communication: Limited to exactly two FMUs and uses a common FMU importer that does not require any special features for simulating buses.
The importer only needs to support FMI variables, Clocks, and terminals, which are sufficient to emulate bus communication between the FMUs.

> Note, even though Clocks are listed in the 'ModelVariables' element in the modelDescription.xml of the FMU, Clocks will be treated separately then all other variables.

Reviewer: "deparately" should likely be "differently"

> Note, even though Clocks are listed in the 'ModelVariables' element in the modelDescription.xml of the FMU, Clocks will be treated separately then all other variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note, even though Clocks are listed in the 'ModelVariables' element in the modelDescription.xml of the FMU, Clocks will be treated differently than all other variables.
```
